My favorite movie is actually not a movie. It's an anime. It's called
berserk, and I'd always been in the anime. It's like, very colorful,
and the themes are great. Um, the first time I actually saw blood in
cartoons and most anime. Many enemy are designed for adults rather
than humans but adults rather than kids. But really that novel that
it's like a novel, it Z like you're watching a novel. But there's so
many elements of theirs. Graphic violence, which is great. But the
main character, one of the main characters, is so charismatic, Um,
actually wanted to serve in his army. He was like, uh, this white cared,
um um, night. Basically, who, like was tryingto get his castle
and just listening to his words just like poetry on paper. And I said,
Wow, if I was back in the medieval times, I'd follow this guy. You
know, leaders can actually, like, watch this movie and understand
how to become better leaders by by acting like him. Of course, he, uh,
his situation is interesting, and I won't give away the movie away
the movie for anybody that wants to watch it. But between the romance
and the violence and the charm. Um, it has everything that you want
in a blockbuster film and the fact that it's so long, you know,
it's like, uh, maybe you would take eight hours and nine hours to watch
it That just made it all the more better.